Introduction
Personal computing has been the order of the day for many years now in organizations with system
administrators having to carry out repetitive and tedious tasks across different personal computers and
software platforms. The ever-increasing numbers of available personal computers in the world today are
contributed to by the lifecycle policies of organizations which require a refresh every 5 year or so. The
increased energy requirements, cost requirements, higher storage requirements, software, operating
systems and administrative challenges are critical indicators for a more centralized approach to
computing. Virtual Desktop Infrastructures (VDI) provide a central management center from where
personalized computing resources are allocated to end users and permission to applications and services
provided based on predetermined policies. This is in addition to providing long term solutions to the
challenges. This project work presents the detailed comparison and analysis of personal computing and
personalized computing as presented by personal computers and VDIs respectively. VDI leverages on the
power of virtualization to provide individualized desktops and applications to end users with a wide array
of access options including BYOD (Bring Your own device) and remote access.
Allianz Technology SE is the Allianz Global Group's internal shared services provider. The key purpose
of Allianz Technology is to transform Allianz Global Group into a digital group. To achieve this, Allianz
Technology provides a robust, secure and efficient IT infrastructure, as well as ensuring that new
technologies and channels support the design, distribution and maintenance of the Allianz Technology
products. One of the core services of Allianz Technology to the Allianz Global Group is the Allianz
Virtual Client (AVC). The AVC utilizes cutting edge private cloud technology to address 3 crucial issues:
a. Digital Standardization of the entire Allianz Global Group.
b. Enhanced data security
c. Cost effective and flexible workplaces
